# Social Media PolicyWhether online or in person, Atria Dynamics expects our employees, investors, agents, and representatives to function in a manner that reflects our values, ethics, and professionalism.   Your responsibility doesn't end when you aren't working. In order to avoid any problems or misunderstandings, we have come up with a few guidelines to provide helpful and practical advice for you when operating on the internet as an identifiable employee or stakeholder in our business.### Things You Should Do:- Disclose your Affiliation.  If you talk about work related matters within your area of job responsibility, you must disclose your affiliation with Atria Dynamics.  Make it clear you are speaking for yourself and not our business.- Be careful about what personal information you share online.  You are personally responsible for the content you publish on blogs, wikis or any other form of user-generated media.  Please remember that the Internet never forgets.- Do not comment on work-related legal matters unless you are an official spokesperson, and have the legal approval to do so.  Talking about revenues, future products, pricing decisions, unannounced financial results or similar matters will get you, the company or both in serious trouble.  Stay away from discussing financial topics and predictions of future performance at all costs.- Be aware that others will associate you with your employer when you identify yourself as such.  Please ensure that your Facebook, Linked-in, and other social media profiles and related content is consistent with how you wish to present yourself with clients and colleagues.- Honor our differences.  Atria Dynamics will not tolerate discrimination (including age, sex, race, color, creed, religion, ethnicity, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability, or marital status or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local laws, regulations or ordinances).  